(The morning of the last day of LOONA Studio!)
HaSeul: This is the last day of LOONA Studio!
(Members of LOOΠΔ coming into a waiting room one by one)
HeeJin: The first day was amazing!
HeeJin: It was super fun~
HeeJin: And I was very happy~
Olivia Hye: I have a lot of worries
Olivia Hye: The units performed before us added something unexpected during concert
Olivia Hye: So now there are so many things to prepare before than
(Anyway, all of the members are going up on stage to do rehearsal as a full group!)
'That little wish that I've been dreaming'
'It keeps pounding and pounding'
(LOOΠΔ doing reahearsal as if it's a main performance!)
'That little miracle that I've been wanting to happen'
'Only if you'll be with me'
(Also yyxy's tension going up!)
'Only you'